I started out with nothing & still have most of it left.
I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?
Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand.
If At First You Don't Succeed, Blame Someone Else And Seek Counseling.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris' PC will crash.
Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack; his heart lost.
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, no one fools Chuck Norris.
If you spell Chuck Norris wrong on Google it doesn't say, "Did you mean Chuck Norris?" It simply replies, "Run while you still have the chance."
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever he wants.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man, there is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent!
He is dark and handsome. When it's dark, he's handsome.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Brains aren't everything. In fact, in your case they're nothing
Careful now, don't let your brains go to your head!
Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental!
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Don't think, it may sprain your brain!
Fellows like you don't grow from trees; they swing from them.
You are a man of the world and you know what sad shape the world is in.
You are always lost in thought it's unfamiliar territory.
Are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
Hi! I'm a human being! What are you?
I know you were born silly, but why did you have a relapse?
I know you're a self-made man. It's nice of you to take the blame!
